HOW TO INSTALL AND RUN SYNTHESIS ON A HUGELY EXPANDED TPFZS LOAD ORDER:
Kaelyn Z
2023-05-10

This is taken directly from my changelog.


NEW MOD:
	(KZ 0.9.4) Synthesis Output
	Create and enable empty mod.

DISABLE MOD:
	Synthesis Output 0.9.4 TPFSZ094

INSTALL WINDOWS LIBRARY:
	Microsoft .NET 7.0 SDK
	https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download
	DL: latest
	Note: Restart computer after installing, for best results.
	
INSTALL TOOL:
	Synthesis 0.25.4
	https://github.com/Mutagen-Modding/Synthesis/releases
	DL:  0.25.4  Synthesis.zip  4 apr 2023
	Instructions:
		1. Extract to its own folder.  I used C:\Portable Apps\Synthesis 0.25.4
		2. Add as MO2 Executable.  Set output folder to "(KZ 0.9.4) Synthesis Output"
		3. Go to Windows Defender, create Antivirus Exclusion for new Synthesis folder
		4. Run Synthesis in MO2
		5. It will say 'Blocking Error'.  This is because we're using a non-standard Skyrim
		6.  Open Settings (gear icon in upper right).  It will edit the default Skyrim SE profile.
		7. Rename the profile to 'Skyrim SE TPFZS'
		8. Set the Data Folder to the correct patch for your install, e.g. C:\TPFZS\Stock Game\Data
		9. Close Settings by clicking back arrow button in upper left.
		10. Click on the 'Git Repository' button, the one that looks life a tree diagram.
		11. Select 'HighPolyHead-RaceMenuPatcher'
		12. Now in left pane, click on the arrow to run Synthesis.
		13. Wait.  With just the HPH Patcher, it took 37.4 seconds on my rig, and I got an error - Too Many masters 294 > 254
		
	
SET UP SYNTHESIS to HANDLE A HUGE LOAD Order
	Ok, this is tricky.   A single esp can only have 254 masters, so to get Synthesis to fix 285+ esps, I need it to generate 2 different patches, each handling only a fraction of my load order.  Fortunately, this is easy to do.
	1.  Click on the 'Synthesis' entry in the laft pane.  This will being up a right pane with the name 'Synthesis' up top, and a selection window for 'Blacklisted Mods'
	2.  Rename that patcher!  Click on 'Synthesis' in the right pane, and change 'Synthesis' to 'Synthesis HPH RaceMenuPatcher 1'.
	3.  Create a *second* Synthesis patcher group, by clicking on the indented tree icon in the upper left.  This will create a new unnamed group.
	4.  Name the new group 'Synthesis HPH RaceMenuPatcher 2'.
	5.  Add the HPH RaceMenu Patcher to the new group, same as you did before.  You will be a popup saying 'Duplicate Patcher Name'.  Rename the new patcher by adding a '2' to the end.
	6.  Re-enable TPFZS 0.9.4 Synthesis output mod.  This is just for a while.
	7.  Click on the arrow at the bottom left to run both your Synthesis groups.
	8.  Close Synthesis
	9.  You should now have two new esps in your Synthesis output:  'Synthesis RaceMenuPatcher 1.esp' and 'Synthesis RaceMenu Patcher 2.esp'.  Bith should be relatively small, under 2 megs, because they only contain patches that aren't already in the TPFZS Synthesis.esp.
	10.  Disable the TPFZS 0.9.4 Synthesis Output mod.
	11.  In the left plugins pane, enable both new mods.
	12.  Move 'Synthesis HPH RaceMenuPatcher 1.esp' *much* earlier in your load order.  I recommend trying just before LCO_Framework.esp, to start.   
	13.  Rerun Synthesis.  Open it, click on the blue arrow down on the bottom left.
	14.  If you get an error saying 'Too Many Masters' when generating, then you need to move the 'Patcher 1' esp either up or down in your load order.  If the error was while generating patcher 1, then you need to move it lower.  If the error was generating pather 2, then move patcher 1 later.  Leave patcher 2 at the very end of your load order.  Keep re-running Synthesis until you get a good run with no errors.
	15.  Close Synthesis.
	16.  DO NOT bother setting the ESL flag on either of the two generated synthesis patches.  Yes, they can be easily eslified.  But the next time they're generated, Synthesis will create regular ESPs again.  Don't waste your time.
	17.  Start Skyrim, and test your new patches.  With any luck, all your NPCs will look exactly like they did before, and you will see no difference whatsoever.  Magic!
	
	Why are we going to all this trouble?  What does the HPH RaceMenu patcher do?  All it does it change the main race records to use High-Poly heads by default, rather than standard low-poly ones.  This is done *SOLELY* to ease character generation in a new game, as new characters will start with HP heads rather than ugly old low-poly ones.  But in order to get all the head meshes of the existing NPCs to still use the old low poly heads that they were built with, their records need to be patched, to explicitly add low-poly head parts that were previously assumed by default.
	
	Needless to say, this means patching virtually every NPC record in the game, save for those that were overwritten by HPH NPC overhauls. Which means patching a huge number of plugins - possibly more than 254, which is the maximum number of masters a single esp can have.  TPFZS is patching less than 254 esps, so it can get away with standard Synthesis generation.  By my load order adds lots of mods with new NPCs, and goes over the 254 limit.  (Note this had nothing to do with the limit of 254 esps; this is a limit on the number of *masters* listed in the header of a single esp, whether those masters are esps, esls, or espfes.)

	So, the get the master count down in the Synthesis-generated patches, we need to create multiple patches, each affecting only a fraction of the esps that need to be patched.   Fortunately, Synthesis makes this easy, in two ways.  First, a synthesis patch will ONLY look at plugins that precede it in the load order; thus, our patch 1 is somewhere in the middle, so it only patches the first N plugins, where N < 254.  Second, a synthesis patch will NOT patch things that don't need to be patched; thus, our patch 2 will ignore all the plugins already patched by patch 1.

	Yes, we need to create 2 different Synthesis patches, with two different names.  But this is easily done by creating two 'groups' of patchers, where each group creates a different patch.
	
	If you want to add more patchers in the future, then you almost certainly want to add them to patch group 2, which is at the end of the load order, and can affect every plugin in the load order.  Feel free to rename either patch group if you like; you can put patch group 2 back to simply 'Synthesis' if you want.  Whatever you name a group, that will be the name of the generated esp.  Definitely use as few groups as possible, so as not to use precious esp slots.
	
	Do we even *need* this Synthesis patch at all?  Not really.  If you're like me, and never create new characters from scratch, but simply use HPH presets downloaded from Nexus that look *way* better than anything I could create myself, then this whole HPH RaceMenuPatcher thing is totally pointless, and can be safely removed.  Recall, most of the work is patching NPCs so they *don't* look any different, despite the Race records being changed to use HighPoly heads by default, for convenience during character generation.  Peronsally, I plan to chuck the things, because I want the esp slots and don't care if HP heads are default.  But if you like creating lots of new characters from scratch, and want them all to use high-poly heads by default, your feelings may differ.   
