TPFZS Enhanced - Play Notes
kaelynzim@gmail.com

2023-05-25
----------
Start:  Hunting in Woods with My Dog.   Starting location has several skulls floating in midair, placed by 3DNPC, updated by Dynamic Things Alternative.   Alt Start: Hunter Cabin page https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/53589 says conflict is with Song of the Green:

Compatibility

Only one minor incompatibility I have found so far is with the follower mod Song of the Green.  There are two animal skulls that float slightly above the ground next to the cabin if that mod is installed.  They can be disabled from the console if you are using that mod.  Before smashing, batching, and merging I've got ~260 esp's in my load order and everything is working fine together with that one exception.


LRSHunterCabinOutside:  whole thing is floating a foot in the air
Moving obejct with Jaxonz Positioner:  (crafting bench) after lock/release, object shimmers
on quest: wolves at cave were stuck, unamble to move, not animated
opening note was in inventory already, not on table

2023-04-28
----------
Currently on starting scenes of Rigmor of Bruma.  Moved her to boat, them camp, talked to Rose, on mission to go to Riverwood Trader to get supplies.

Problem:  I have 2 companions, my dog and a high elf.  Neither were with me when I return on boat, though thay made it to the camp with me earlier.
Problem:  CTD after talking to Camilla Vererius in Riverwood Trader.

Issue:  Buxom Wench Yuriana posters in Riverwood are photos, and un-immersive.

2023-04-29
----------
Installed RDO.
Restarted save, fast travel to riverwood, go to traders.
Followed camilla out to street.  CTD after arriving on street.
restart of game shows it autosaved as soon as i exited door.  disabling autosaves.

2023-04-30
----------
Sofia's new location inside stable is inconvenient - there's a horse in the way.  And her old location doesn't have an awkward table without ICAIO
Sofia's skin is off, since I'm using CBBE.
Installed Sofia CBBE body.  Skin now better, but extreme seam at wrists.

2023-04-01
----------
Installed lotsa stuff, most notably 3BA body with CBPC Physics
Started save game, jiggle works, but sofia's skin much prettier than mine - my nipples are wrong.
installing a new BnP skin didnt solve my nipple problem, i need a new mesh.
exiting game to Main Menu takes me to desktop - CTD?

2023-04-02
----------
Started a new game at Helgen.  Kinda cool, seeing the scene from outside perspective.
Issue:  wrist seams on women in vanilla clothes.  Need to rebuild clothing meshes for new 3BA
Problem with CTD on exit to Main Menu has disappeared.
GUI confusion - my health/magika/stamina bars weren't showing up.  TrueHUD MCM is where to fix that.
Issue:  being in 3rd person upon entering conversation often problematic - had lots of camera chaso when edge of a door blocked LOS
Need to adjust conversation camera to always go first person.



